doc: move package.import content higher (#35535)
nodejs/node: doc/api/packages.md

// Throws ERR_PACKAGE_PATH_NOT_EXPORTED
```

### Subpath imports

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> In addition to the [`"exports"`][] field it is possible to define internal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the [`"exports"`][] field, it is possible to define internal
```

package import maps that only apply to import specifiers from within the package
itself.

Entries in the imports field must always start with `#` to ensure they are

> clearly disambiguated from package specifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disambiguated from package specifiers.
```

For example, the imports field can be used to gain the benefits of conditional
exports for internal modules:

```json
// package.json
{
  "imports": {
    "#dep": {
      "node": "dep-node-native",
      "default": "./dep-polyfill.js"
    }
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "dep-node-native": "^1.0.0"
  }
}
```

> where `import '#dep'` would now get the resolution of the external package
> `dep-node-native` (including its exports in turn), and instead get the local

Reviewer: "now" should be "not" in the first line?

```suggestion
where `import '#dep'` does not get the resolution of the external package
`dep-node-native` (including its exports in turn), and instead gets the local
```

file `./dep-polyfill.js` relative to the package in other environments.

Unlike the `"exports"` field, import maps permit mapping to external packages,
providing an important use case for conditional loading scenarios.

> Apart from the above, the resolution rules for the imports field are otherwise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apart from the preceding, the resolution rules for the imports field are otherwise
```

or

```suggestion
The resolution rules for the imports field are otherwise
```

{
  "exports": {
    "./features/*": "./src/features/*.js"
  },
  "imports": {

>     "./internal/*": "./src/internal/*.js"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "#internal/*": "./src/internal/*.js"
```

}
```

> Entries in the imports field must always start with `#`.

Reviewer 2: I'd say we should keep information about what is a valid value for the field.

```suggestion
Entries in the imports field must be strings starting with `#`.
```

> Import maps permit mapping to external packages.

Author: While this is duplicated content I was trying to keep the most important stuff available in the reference doc

> Apart from the above, the resolution rules for the imports field are otherwise
> analogous to the exports field.

Reviewer 2: We should link to the new section.

```suggestion
This field defines [subpath imports][] for the current package.
```
